---
layout: default
title: Robot Info
nav_order: 2
parent: Definitions
grand_parent: Robot Components Categories
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

Work in progress....

Definitions: This component defines a robot which is needed for Code Generation and Simulation components such as RAPID Generator or Inverse Kinematics and Forward Kinematics.

## **Input Parameters**

Name: Defines the robot name base on a Panel or any other string value.

Mesh: Defines the robot mesh based on a list of meshes. For a six-axis robot, this would make regularly a list of seven meshes. One mesh for the robot base and an additional mesh for every robot axis.

Axis Planes: Defines the robot axis planes based on a list of planes. The count of this list should be equal to the count of the axis limits list.

Axis Limits: Defines the robot axis limits based on a list of intervals. The count of this list should be equal to the count of the axis planes list.

Base Plane: Defines the base plane of the robot based on a plane. The base plane is the plane the robot is standing on.

Mounting Frame: Defines the mounting frame of the robot based on a plane. The mounting frame is the frame any robot tool is attached to.

Robot Tool: Defines the robot tool. A robot tool can be generated by using a Robot Tool From Planes or Robot Tools From Data component. The robot tool will be placed on the mounting frame. If no tool is used this input can be left empty.

## **Output Parameters**

Robot Info: Contains the robot information.

## **Usage**

Note: The Forward Kinematics component can be used for debugging this component by testing out different axis values.

Simulation: Plug the Robot Info output of this component into the Robot Info input of the Inverse Kinematics or Forward Kinematics component.

Code Generation: Plug the Robot Info output of this component into the Robot Info input of the [RAPID generator component]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/RAPID Generator.md %}) for Code Generation.
