---
layout: default
title: Forward Kinematics
nav_order: 2
parent: Simulation Components
grand_parent: Robot Components Categories
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

[**Simulation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Simulation/index.md %})**:** 
Computes the position of the end-effector of a defined ABB robot based on a set of given Joint Positions. 

## **Input Parameters**

[**Robot**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Parameters/Definitions/Robot.md %}) **(R):** Defines the robot based on a robot parameter. A custom robot can be created by using the [Robot]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Definitions/Robot.md %}) component.

**[Robot Joint Position]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Parameters/Actions/Robot Joint Position.md %}) (RJ):** Defines the robot joint position. A custom robot joint position can be generated by using the [Robot Joint Position]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Code Generation/Declarative Actions/Robot Joint Position.md %}) component. 

**[External Joint Position]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Parameters/Actions/External Joint Position.md %}) (EJ):** Defines the external axis joint position. A custom external joint position can be generated by using the [External Joint Position]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Code Generation/Declarative Actions/External Joint Position.md %}) component. If only the first external axis value is used and needs to be defined, a number value can directly be casted to an External Joint Position. 

## **Output Parameters**

**Posed Meshes (PM):** Contains the posed robot and external axis meshes.

**End Plane (EP):** Contains the posed robot's tool center point plane.

**External Axis Planes (EAP):** Contains a list with all posed external axis planes.

## **Menu Items**

Through the right-click menu of the component the following options are available:

**Preview Robot Mesh:** Enables or disables the preview of the robot mesh.

## **Usage**

[**Simulation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Simulation/index.md %})**:** 
Visualize a robot based on a given Robot and External Joint Position. 
The robot mesh will be colored red if any axis value is invalid. 

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** 
Plug the End Plane output parameter of this component into the plane input parameter of the [Robot Target]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Code Generation/Declarative Actions/Robot Target.md %}) component.
