---
layout: default
title: Deconstruct Robot Info
nav_order: 2
parent: Deconstruct
grand_parent: Robot Components Categories
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

Work in progress....

Utility: This component deconstructs an existing robot info definition into its parameters. A robot can be generated by using a Robot Info or ABB_IRB-1200-7-0.7 component.

## **Input Parameters**

**Robot Info (RI):** Defines the used robot. A robot can be generated by using a Robot Info component.

## **Output Parameters**

**Name (N):** Outputs the robot name as a string value.

**Mesh:** Outputs the robot mesh as a list of meshes. For a six-axis robot, this would make regularly a list of seven meshes. One mesh for the robot base and an additional mesh for every robot axis.

**Axis Planes:** Outputs the robot axis planes as a list of planes. The count of this list should be equal to the count of the axis limits list.

**Axis Limits:** Outputs the robot axis limits as a list of intervals. The count of this list should be equal to the count of the axis planes list.

**Base Plane:** Outputs the position plane of the robot as a plane. In the case if an external linear axes is moving the robot. The position plane is location of the robot when the external axes values are zero. 

**Tool Plane (TP):** ...

**Mounting Frame:** Outputs the mounting frame of the robot as a plane. The mounting frame is the frame any robot tool is attached to.

**Robot Tool:** Outputs the robot tool. A robot tool can be generated by using a Robot Tool From Planes or Robot Tools From Data component.

**External Axes:** ...

## **Usage**

...
