---
layout: default
title: Absolute Joint Movement
nav_order: 2
parent: Instructive Actions
grand_parent: Code Generation Components
has_toc: false
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

[**Instructive Action**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/Instructive Actions/index.md %})**:** Defines an aboslute joint movement instruction.

## **Input Parameters**

**Name (N):** Defines the name of the joint target for this absolute joint movement based on a text value. The name should be unique. The first letter must not be a number. Don’t use special characters or spaces.

**Internal Axis Values (IAV):** Defines the internal axis values of the robot based on a list with 6 numbers. The axis values has to be defined in degrees. 

**Exernal Axis Values (EAV):** Defines the external axis values of the attached external axes based on a list with numbers. The list length should be equal to the number of external axes that are attached to the robot. In case no external axes are used the input can be left empty. For an external linear axis the axis value should be defined in mm. For a rotational external axis the external axis value should be defined in degrees. 

**[Speed Data]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Actions/Speed Data.md %}) (SD):** Defines the speed data for the robot movement instruction. A custom Speed Data can be generated by using the [Speed Data]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/Declarative Actions/Speed Data.md %}) component or by using a number value as input. Only predefined speeddata values defined by ABB are allowed as number input. Allowed number values are `5`, `10`, `20`, `30`, `40`, `50`, `60`, `80`, `100`, `150`, `200`, `300`, `400`, `500`, `600`, `800`, `1000`, `1500`, `2000`, `2500`, `3000`, `4000`, `5000`, `6000` or `7000`.

**[Zone Data]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Actions/Zone Data.md %}) (ZD):** Defines the zone data for the robot movement instruction. A custom Zone Data can be generated by using the [Zone Data]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/Declarative Actions/Zone Data.md %}) component or by a number value as input. Can be set to `-1`, `0`, `1`, `5`, `10`, `15`, `20`, `30`, `40`, `50`, `60`, `80`, `100`, `150`, `200`. More information on this topic can be found [here](https://library.e.abb.com/public/688894b98123f87bc1257cc50044e809/Technical%20reference%20manual_RAPID_3HAC16581-1_revJ_en.pdf). Note: If this value equals `-1` the precision is interpreted as `fine`.

## **Variable Input Parameters**

Through the right-click menu of the component addional inputs can be added:

**Override Robot Tool (ORT):** Defines the robot tool that will be used for the defined movement. If this input is left empty the robot tool that is attached to the used robot info will be used. This a variable input parameter that can be accessed and enabled through the right-click menu of the component. 

## **Output Parameters**

**[Absolute Joint Movement]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Actions/Absolute Joint Movement.md %}) (AJM):** Contains the absolute joint movement instruction.

## **Usage**

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** Plug the [Absolute Joint Movement]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Actions/Absolute Joint Movement.md %}) output paramter of this component into the Actions input parameter of the [RAPID Generator]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/RAPID Generator.md %}) component to define a movement instruction in the RAPID program module.

[**Simulation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** Plug the [Absolute Joint Movement]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Actions/Absolute Joint Movement.md %}) output parameter of this component into the Actions input parameter of the [Path Generator]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Simulation/Path Generator.md %}) component to visualize the movement instruction.