---
layout: default
title: Move
nav_order: 1
parent: Instructive Actions
grand_parent: Code Generation Components
has_toc: false
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

[**Instructive Action**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/Instructive Actions/index.md %})**:** Defines a linear or nonlinear movement instruction.

## **Input Parameters**

[**Target**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Actions/Target.md %}) **(T):** Defines the movement target. A target can be generated by using a [Target]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/Declarative Actions/Target.md %}) component. Depending on the type of movement, a suffix will be added to all targets in RAPIDCode. This can be either `_jt` for jointTarget in case of a joint movement or `_rt` for robTarget in case of a linear movement.

[**Speed Data**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Actions/Speed Data.md %}) **(SD):** Defines the speed data for the robot movement instruction. A custom Speed Data can be generated by using the [Speed Data]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/Declarative Actions/Speed Data.md %}) component or a number value can be used as an input. Only predefined speeddata values defined by ABB are allowed as number input. Allowed number values are `5`, `10`, `20`, `30`, `40`, `50`, `60`, `80`, `100`, `150`, `200`, `300`, `400`, `500`, `600`, `800`, `1000`, `1500`, `2000`, `2500`, `3000`, `4000`, `5000`, `6000` or `7000`.

**Movement Type (MT):** Defines the movement type for the robot movement instruction based on a number value. Can be set to `0` for `MoveAbsJ`, `1` for `MoveL` and `2` for `MoveJ`. In case this input is left empty and an input is defined for the other input parameters, a value list will automatically be created. You can select `MoveAbsJ`, `MoveL` or `MoveJ` from the value list to define the desired Movement type.

[**Zone Data**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Actions/Zone Data.md %}) **(ZD):** Defines the zone data for the robot movement instruction. A custom Zone Data can be generated by using the [Zone Data]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/Declarative Actions/Zone Data.md %}) component or by a number value as input. Can be set to `-1`, `0`, `1`, `5`, `10`, `15`, `20`, `30`, `40`, `50`, `60`, `80`, `100`, `150`, `200`. More information on this topic can be found [here](https://library.e.abb.com/public/688894b98123f87bc1257cc50044e809/Technical%20reference%20manual_RAPID_3HAC16581-1_revJ_en.pdf). Note: If this value equals `-1` the precision is interpreted as `fine`.

## **Variable Input Parameters**

Through the right-click menu of the component addional inputs can be added:

[**Override Robot Tool**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Actions/Override Robot Tool.md %}) **(ORT):** Defines the robot tool that will be used for the defined movement. If this input is left empty the robot tool that is attached to the used robot will be used. This a variable input parameter that can be accessed and enabled through the right-click menu of the component. 

[**Override Work Object**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Definitions/Work Object.md %}) **(WO):** The work object (coordinate system) to which the target position in the instruction is related. By default `wobj0` is used. A work object can be created by using the [Work Object]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Definitions/Work Object.md %}) component. This a variable input parameter that can be accessed and enabled through the right-click menu of the component. 

[**Set Digital Output**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Actions/Set Digital Output.md %}) **(DO):** If this input is left empty a normal movement type instruction will be defined (`MoveAbsJ`, `MoveL` or `MoveJ`). If a valid digital output is defined the state will be set after this movement. In case of a linear movement this will done by defining a `MoveLDO` instruction, and in case of a joint movement this will result a `MoveJDO` instruction. If the movement type is an absolute joint movement an additional instruction will be set for the digital output (`SetDO`) after the movement instruction. A digital output can be defined by using the [Set Digital Output]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/Instructive Actions/Set Digital Output.md %}) component. By default an empty Digital Output parameter is set. This a variable input parameter that can be accessed and enabled through the right-click menu of the component. 

## **Output Parameters**

[**Move**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Parameters/Actions/Move.md %}) **(M):** Contains the movement instruction.

## **Usage**

[**Simulation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Simulation/index.md %})**:** Plug the movement output of this component into the movement input of the [Inverse Kinematics]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Simulation/Inverse Kinematics.md %}) component to get the robot axis values for the target, work object and robot tool that are defined for this move instruction.

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** Plug the movement output of this component into the Actions input of the [RAPID Generator]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/RAPID Generator.md %}) component to define a movement instruction in the RAPID program module.