---
layout: default
title: RAPID Generator
nav_order: 4
parent: Code Generation Components
grand_parent: Robot Components Categories
has_toc: false
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** 
Generates the RAPID program and system module for the robot controller.

## **Input Parameters**

[**Robot**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Parameters/Definitions/Robot.md %}) **(R):** Defines the used robot. A robot can be generated by using the [Robot]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Definitions/Robot.md %}) component or one of the Robot presets. 

[**Actions**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Parameters/Actions/Action.md %}) **(A):** Defines declarations and instructions for the RAPID program module based on a list of ordered actions. All available action components can be found in the category [Code Generation]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Code Generation/index.md %}).

**Update (U):** Only if set to true, the RAPID program and system modules will be generated. To increase performance, only update when changes were made. It is recommended to toggle this input parameter with a button.  

## **Variable Input Parameters**

Through the right-click menu of the component the following variable input parameters can be added:

**Program Name (PN):** Defines the RAPID program module name based on a text value. If unset, the default value will be `MainModule`.

**System Name (SN):** Defines the RAPID system module name based on a text value. If unset, the default value will be `BASE`.

**Procedure Name (PN):** Defines the RAPID procedure name based on a text value. If unset, the default value will be `main`. 

**Custom System Code (CSC):** Additional custom code lines for the RAPID system module defined as a list of text values. 

## **Output Parameters**

**Program Module (PM):** Contains the robot instructions such as target definitions, movement behavior etc. More on that topic can be found in the [Introduction to RAPID manual](http://dl.icdst.org/pdfs/files3/db9fddeb58803077290aa2538c54333d.pdf) or in the [Technical Reference Manual](https://library.e.abb.com/public/688894b98123f87bc1257cc50044e809/Technical%20reference%20manual_RAPID_3HAC16581-1_revJ_en.pdf) of ABB Robotics. 

**System Module (SM):** Contains basic defined system data in RAPID code such as tool information. More on that topic can be found in the [Introduction to RAPID manual](http://dl.icdst.org/pdfs/files3/db9fddeb58803077290aa2538c54333d.pdf) or in the [Technical Reference Manual](https://library.e.abb.com/public/688894b98123f87bc1257cc50044e809/Technical%20reference%20manual_RAPID_3HAC16581-1_revJ_en.pdf) of ABB Robotics. 

## **Menu Items**

Through the right-click menu of the component the following options are available:

**Save Program module to file:** Save the RAPID program module to a file.

**Save System module to file:** Save the RAPID system module to a file.

## **Usage**

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** The generated RAPID program and system modules can be sent to a virtual or real ABB IRC5 robot controller by copying the code manually or by using the [Remote Connection]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Controller Utility/Remote Connection.md %}) component from the [Controller Utility]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Controller Utility/index.md %}).