---
layout: default
title: Remote Connection
nav_order: 1
parent: Controller Utility Components
grand_parent: Robot Components Categories
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

[**Controller Utility**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Controller Utility/index.md %})**:** 
Establishes a remote connection with the controller to upload an run RAPID code directly on a virtual or real ABB IRC5 robot controller.

## **Input Parameters**

**Robot Controller (RC):** Defines the ABB IRC5 robot controller to establish the remote connection. A virtual or real ABB IRC5 robot controller can be defined by using the [Get Controller]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Controller Utility/Get Controller.md %}) component.

**Connect (C):** The real-time connection to the defined ABB IRC5 robot controller is established if set to true.

**Upload (U):** The RAPID program and system modules are uploaded to the defined ABB IRC5 robot controller if set to true.

**Run (R):** Runs the RAPID program on the defined ABB IRC5 robot controller if set to true.

**Stop (S):** Pauses the running RAPID program on the defined ABB IRC5 robot controller if set to true.

**Program Module (PM):** Defines the RAPID program module which can be generated by the [RAPID Generator]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Code Generation/RAPID Generator.md %}) component or written manually. 

**System Module (SM):** Defines the RAPID system module which can be generated by the [RAPID Generator]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Code Generation/RAPID Generator.md %}) component or written manually.

## **Output Parameters**

**Status (S):** Contains text information about the status of the defined ABB IRC5 robot controller.

## **Menu Items**

Through the right-click menu of the component additional options are available:

**Pick Task:** Pick a task to upload to. If more than one task is defined in the controller and the connection input parameter is set to true a form will be shown where the tasked can be picked from. If only one task is defined, this task will be picked. The component label displays the selected task name.