---
layout: default
title: Action Absolute Joint Movement
nav_order: 1
parent: Code Generation
grand_parent: Robot Components Categories
has_toc: false
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** Defines an aboslute joint movement instruction for simulation and RAPID code generation.

## **Input Parameters**

**Name (N):** Defines the name of the joint target for this absolute joint movement based on a string value. The name should be unique. The first letter shouldn’t be a number. Don’t use special characters or spaces.

**Internal Axis Values (IAV):** Defines the internal axis values of the robot based on a list with 6 numbers. The axis values has to be defined in degrees. 

**Exernal Axis Values (EAV):** Defines the external axis values of the attached external axes based on a list with numbers. The list length should be equal to the number of external axes that are attached to the robot. In case no external axes are used the input can be left empty. For an external linear axis the axis value should be defined in mm. For a rotational external axis the external axis value should be defined in degrees. 

**Speed Data (SD):** Defines the speed data for the robot movement instruction. A custom Speed Data can be generated by using the [Speed Data Component]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/Action Speed Data.md %}) or by using a number value as input. Only predefined speeddata values defined by ABB are allowed as number input. Allowed number values are 5, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 100, 150, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 800, 1000, 1500, 2000, 2500, 3000, 4000, 5000, 6000 or 7000.

**Zone Data (ZD):** Defines the zone data for the robot movement instruction. A custom Zone Data can be generated by using the [Zone Data Component]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/Action Zone Data.md %}) or by a number value as input. Can be set to -1, 0, 1, 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 100, 150, 200. More information on this topic can be found [here](https://library.e.abb.com/public/688894b98123f87bc1257cc50044e809/Technical%20reference%20manual_RAPID_3HAC16581-1_revJ_en.pdf). Note: If this value equals “-1” the precision is interpreted as “fine”.

## **Optional Input Parameters**

Through the right-click menu of the component addional inputs can be added:

**Override Robot Tool (RT):** Defines the robot tool that will be used for the defined movement. If this input is left empty the robot tool that is attached to the used robot info will be used. This a variable input parameter that can be accessed and enabled through the right-click menu of the component. 

## **Output Parameters**

**Absolute Joint Movement (AJM):** Contains the absolute joint movement instructions as an action for [Simulation]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Simulation/Path Generator.md %}) and [RAPID Code Generation]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/RAPID Generator.md %}).

## **Menu Items**

Besides the optional input parameters the following additional options are available through the right-click menu of the component:

**Documentation:** Opens the documentation page of the component in your browser.

## **Usage**

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** Plug the Absolute Joint Movement output of this component into the Actions input of the [RAPID Generator Component]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/RAPID Generator.md %}) to define the instruction in a RAPID program.