---
layout: default
title: Action Movement
nav_order: 1
parent: Code Generation
grand_parent: Robot Components Categories
has_toc: false
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** Defines a linear or nonlinear movement instruction for simulation and RAPID main code generation.

## **Input Parameters**

**Target (T):** Defines the movement target. A target can be generated by using an Action: Target component. Depending on the type of movement, a suffix will be added to all targets in RAPIDCode. This can be either “_jt” for jointTarget in case of a joint movement or “_rt” for robTarget in case of a linear movement.

**Speed Data (SD):** Defines the speed data for the robot movement instruction. A custom Speed Data can be generated by using the [Action: Speed Data]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/Action Speed Data.md %}) component or a number value can be used as an input. Only predefined speeddata values defined by ABB are allowed as number input. Allowed number values are 5, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 100, 150, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 800, 1000, 1500, 2000, 2500, 3000, 4000, 5000, 6000 or 7000.

**Movement Type (MT):** Defines the movement type for the robot movement instruction based on a number value. Can be set to 0 for MoveAbsJ, 1 for MoveL and 2 for MoveJ.

**Zone Data (Z):** Defines the zone data for the robot movement instruction. A custom Zone Data can be generated by using the [Action: Zone Data]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/Action Zone Data.md %}) component or by a number value as input. Can be set to -1, 0, 1, 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 100, 150, 200. More information on this topic can be found [here](http://developercenter.robotstudio.com/landing). Note: If this value equals “-1” the precision is interpreted as “fine”.

## **Optional Input Parameters**

Through the right-click menu of the component addional inputs can be added:

**Override Robot Tool (RT):** Defines the robot tool that will be used for the defined movement. If this input is left empty the robot tool that is attached to the used robot info will be used. This a variable input parameter that can be accessed and enabled through the right-click menu of the component. 

**Override Work Object (WO):** TO DO

**Set Digital Output (DO):** TO DO

## **Output Parameters**

**Movement:** Contains the movement instructions as Action for simulation and RAPID main code generation.

## **Menu Items**

Through the right-click menu of the component the following options are availbale:

**Documentation:** Opens the documentation page of the component in your browser.

## **Usage**

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** Plug the Movement output of this component into the Actions input of the [RAPID Generator]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/RAPID Generator.md %}) component to generate a single robot movement instruction in the RAPID Program.