---
layout: default
title: RAPID Generator
nav_order: 2
parent: Code Generation
grand_parent: Robot Components Categories
has_toc: false
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

Creates the RAPID Main and Base Code for the robot controller from a given list of actions.

## **Input Parameters**

**Robot Info (RI):** Defines the used robot. A robot can be generated by using the Robot Info component or one of the Robot Info presets. 

**Actions (A):** Defines code lines for RAPID Program and System Code based on a list of ordered actions. All available action components can be found in the category Code Generation.

**Program Name (PN):** Defines the RAPID Program code Module Name based on a string value. If not defined, the default value will be “MainModule”.

**System Name (SN):** Defines the RAPID System code Module Name based on a string value. If not defined, the default value will be “BASE”.

**Custom Code (CC):** Additional custom code lines for the RAPID System code defined as a list with strings. 

**Update (U):** Only if set to true, the RAPID code will will be generated. To increase improvement, only update the path when changes were made. It is recommended to toggle this input parameter with a button.  

## **Output Parameters**

**Program Code:** The RAPID program code contains the robot instructions such as target definitions, movement behavior etc. More on that topic can be found here: Introduction to RAPID or in the Technial Reference Manual of ABB Robotics.

**System Code:** The RAPID system code contains basic defined system data in RAPID code such as tool information. More on that topic can be found here: Introduction to RAPID or in the Technial Reference Manual of ABB Robotics.

## **Menu Items**

Through the right-click menu item the RAPID program and system code can de be saved to a file. Right-click on the component logo and select from the menu “Save Program module to file” or “Save System module to file”.

## **Usage**

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** The generated RAPID main and base code can be sent to a virtual or real ABB IRC5 robot controller manually or by using the Remote Connection component.