---
layout: default
title: Robot
nav_order: 1
parent: Definition Components
grand_parent: Robot Components Categories
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

[**Definition**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Definitions/index.md %})**:** 
Defines a custom robot. 

## **Input Parameters**

**Name (N):** Defines the robot name based on a string. This name must be unique and shouldn't start with a number or use special characters.

**Mesh (M):** Defines the robot mesh based on a list of meshes. For a six-axis robot, this would make regularly a list of seven meshes. One mesh for the robot base and an additional mesh for every robot axis.

**Axis Planes (AP):** Defines the robot axis planes based on a list of planes. The count of this list should be equal to the count of the axis limits list.

**Axis Limits (AL):** Defines the robot axis limits based on a list of intervals. The count of this list should be equal to the count of the axis planes list.

**Position Plane (PP):** Defines the position plane of the robot based on a plane. The position plane is the plane the robot is standing on.

**Mounting Frame (MF): Defines the mounting frame of the robot based on a plane. The mounting frame is the frame any robot tool is attached to.

**Robot Tool (RT):** Defines the robot tool. A robot tool can be generated by using the [Robot Tool from Planes]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Definitions/Robot Tool from Planes.md %}) or [Robot Tool from Quaternions]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Definitions/Robot Tool from Quaternions.md %}) component. The robot tool will be placed on the mounting frame. 

**External Axis (EA):** Defines the robot external axis based on a list of external axis parameters. A custom external axis can be created by using the
[External Linear Axis]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Definitions/External Linear Axis.md %}) or [External Rotational Axis]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Definitions/External Rotational Axis.md %}) component.

## **Output Parameters**

**Robot (R):** Contains the robot information.

## **Usage**

Note: The Forward Kinematics component can be used for debugging this component by testing out different axis values.

[**Simulation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Simulation/index.md %})**:** 
Plug the Robot output of this component into the Robot input of the [Inverse Kinematics]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Simulation/Inverse Kinematics.md %}) 
or [Forward Kinematics]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Simulation/Forward Kinematics.md %}) component.

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** 
Plug the Robot output of this component into the Robot input of the [RAPID Generator]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Code Generation/RAPID Generator.md %}) component.
