---
layout: default
title: Robot
nav_order: 1
parent: Definition Components
grand_parent: Robot Components Categories
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

[**Definition**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Definitions/index.md %})**:** 
Defines a custom robot. 

## **Input Parameters**

**Name (N):** Defines the robot name based on a string. This name must be unique and shouldn't start with a number or use special characters.

**Mesh (M):** Defines the robot mesh based on a list of meshes. For a six-axis robot, this would make regularly a list of seven meshes. One mesh for the robot base and an additional mesh for every robot axis.

**Axis Planes (AP):** Defines the robot axis planes based on a list of planes. The count of this list should be equal to the count of the axis limits list.

**Axis Limits (AL):** Defines the robot axis limits based on a list of intervals. The count of this list should be equal to the count of the axis planes list.

**Position Plane (PP):** Defines the position plane of the robot based on a plane. The position plane is the plane the robot is standing on.

**Mounting Frame (MF):** Defines the mounting frame of the robot based on a plane. The mounting frame is the frame any robot tool is attached to.

[**Robot Tool**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Parameters/Definitions/Robot Tool.md %}) **(RT):** Defines the robot tool. A robot tool can be generated by using the [Robot Tool from Planes]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Definitions/Robot Tool from Planes.md %}) or [Robot Tool from Quaternions]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Definitions/Robot Tool from Quaternions.md %}) component. The robot tool will be placed on the mounting frame. 

[**External Axis**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Parameters/Definitions/External Axis.md %}) **(EA):** Defines the robot external axis based on a list of external axis parameters. A custom external axis can be created by using the
[External Linear Axis]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Definitions/External Linear Axis.md %}) or [External Rotational Axis]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Definitions/External Rotational Axis.md %}) component.

## **Output Parameters**

[**Robot**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Parameters/Definitions/Robot.md %}) **(R):** Contains the robot information.

## **Usage**

**Note:** You can use the Quarternion to Plane component to define the position plane from the Base Frame data that is defined in controller configuration. The position plane has to match with the Base Frame that is defined in the configuration file of the virtual or physical controller. Be aware that if you attach and external linear axis to the robot the position plane will be overwritten by the attachment plane of this external linear axis.

**Note:** The Forward Kinematics component can be used for debugging this component by testing out different axis values.

[**Simulation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Simulation/index.md %})**:** Plug the Robot output parameter of this component into the Robot input parameter of the [Inverse Kinematics]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Simulation/Inverse Kinematics.md %}) 
or [Forward Kinematics]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Simulation/Forward Kinematics.md %}) component.

[**Code Generation**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Code Generation/index.md %})**:** 
Plug the Robot output parameter of this component into the Robot input parameter of the [RAPID Generator]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Code Generation/RAPID Generator.md %}) component.
