---
layout: default
title: Remote Connection
nav_order: 2
parent: Controller Utility
grand_parent: Robot Components Categories
---

# **{{page.title}}**

## **Description**

[Controller Utility]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/Robot Components/Categories/Controller Utility/index.md %})**:** Establish a remote connection with the controller to upload an run RAPID code directly on a virtual or real ABB IRC5 robot controller.

## **Input Parameters**

**Robot Controller:** Defines the ABB IRC5 robot controller to establish the remote connection. A virtual or real ABB IRC5 robot controller can be defined by using the Get Controller component.

**Connect:** The real-time connection to the defined ABB IRC5 robot controller is established if set to true.

**Upload:** The RAPID main and base code is uploaded to the defined ABB IRC5 robot controller if set to true.

**Run:** Runs the RAPID main and base code on the defined ABB IRC5 robot controller if set to true.

**Stop:** Pauses the running RAPID program on the defined ABB IRC5 robot controller if set to true.

**Main Code:** Defines the RAPID main code which can be generated by the RAPID Generator component or written manually. The RAPID main code contains the robot instructions such as target definitions, movement behavior etc. More on that topic can be found here: Introduction to RAPID or in the Technial Reference Manual of ABB Robotics.

**Base Code:** Defines the RAPID base code which can be generated by the RAPID Generator component or written manually. The RAPID base code contains basic defined system data in RAPID code such as tool information. More on that topic can be found here: Introduction to RAPID or in the Technial Reference Manual of ABB Robotics.

## **Output Parameters**

**Status:** Contains text information about the status of the defined ABB IRC5 robot controller.